UpdateReview: explain bold package names (#57)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/update-review.md

* Package changes: Additions, removals, upgrades, and downgrades
* Important metadata changes: Changes to the source or dist download URLs or if the commit reference changes for an otherwise unmodified version number

> To help you better understand why a package is used in your project, we show in bold package names of direct dependencies,
> dependencies defined in your composer.json file, and in regular font package names of transitive dependencies, dependencies
> of your dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a better overview, packages required directly in your composer.json are highlighted in bold. Other packages in regular font are installed as dependencies of your own composer.json dependencies.
```

Note on that matter, does this correctly highlight packages in bold which replace or provide one of the names in the composer.json?

Author: As per internal discussion: not yet but will be added
